Add bfcache guide under Web/Performance (#43420)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/performance/guides/bfcache/index.md

### Stale content after bfcache restoration

Because bfcache restores a snapshot without revalidation, the page may show outdated content. For example, if a user adds an item to a shopping cart on page B and then navigates back to page A (the product listing), the cart count in page A's header might be stale.

To handle this, listen for the {{domxref("Window/pageshow_event", "pageshow")}} event and update stale data when the page is restored from bfcache:

```js
window.addEventListener("pageshow", (event) => {
  if (event.persisted) {
    // Page was restored from bfcache — refresh dynamic content
    updateCartCount();
  }
});
```

The `event.persisted` property is `true` only when the page is restored from bfcache.

## What blocks bfcache

Certain APIs and page behaviors prevent the browser from storing a page in bfcache:

### `unload` event listeners

> Registering an [`unload`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) handler is the most common reason pages are excluded from bfcache. Chrome and Firefox do not cache pages with `unload` listeners. Safari attempts to cache them, but will not run the listener, which can lead to unreliable behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registering an [`unload`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/unload_event) handler is the most common reason pages are excluded from bfcache. In the past Chrome and Firefox did not cache pages with `unload` listeners on desktop. Safari attempts to cache them, but will not run the listener, which can lead to unreliable behavior. On mobile, where `unload` is often much less reliable due to the nature of mobile applications including browers, all browsers follow similar behavior to Safari and prioritise bfcache over running `unload` handlers.

> [!NOTE]
> Chrome is [moving toward allowing pages with `unload` handlers to use bfcache](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/deprecating-unload), but this behavior varies across browser versions.

```
